[DSF-4613] Update description of dse-consumers assignment (#12)
paidy/dsf-interview: dse-consumers/README.md

## Task

> - Our marketing team wants to be able to select random samples of consumer accounts that fulfill certain conditions (age, location, status) for various email marketing campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our marketing team wants to build samples of consumer accounts based on a variety of conditions (age, location, status, etc) for e-mail marketing campaigns.
```

  - These arguments are passed as datetime-strings formatted as `yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss`
  - The second argument defining the end of the interval is optional and defaults to the current time.
- The task description is vague on purpose. Make your own best guesses and assumptions, but document them.

> - We don't expect you to provide a perfect and complete production ready solution. It's fine to take shortcuts, but you need to document them properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please make sure to document any assumptions, limitations, and future TODOs.
```
